When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Brawl!
[ready for battle roar]
Okay, you want Drago?
Bakugan Brawl!
Stand Pyrus Drago!
Oh No!
That's Drago?
What have they done to you?
Are we too late?
[threatening battle roar]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Gone, Gone Bakugan\".
[evil, ready for battle roar]
Drago!
[threatening growl]
Horrible...
That's Drago?
Not the Drago I know.
[wary growl]
[bestial growl]
[attack roar]
Drago stop!
Listen to me!
It's Dan, your partner!
Incredible...
Even Drago could not resist the power of the Vexos.
It doesn't matter...
Drago's still Drago...
No matter what happens, he and I will always be
connected. I know it!
I'll never give up on him!
You hear me Drago?
I'm not going to give up!
[considering growl]
He hears me!
[threatening, evil roar]
Master Dan, watch out!
[warning roar]
Drago attacked me?
[attack roar]
[effort/tackling]
[head butting roar]
[closed-mouth, smug laugh]
Bakugan are no more than animals...
I am Drago's master now.
He is under my complete control.
[animal-like growl and snort]
Talk all you want. He can't hear you anymore.
Yeah, that's what you think...
Come on Spectra...
go ahead, laugh it up!
I'm going to wipe that smirk off your face!
And after I tear you apart I'm gonna change Drago
back to himself!
You hear me?
That is a promise.
Pathetic earthling.
You're welcome to try but...
you and that fossil Bakugan don't stand a
chance against the Perfect Core combined with the
Forbidden Card: Chaos Ability X!
Ability... Activate!
Deinococcus X!
[\u266a]
[powering up roar]
[lust for battle roar]
Drago Power Increase!
Keep it together Drago. We're gonna save you!
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate.
Maximum Nova!
[powering up roar]
Apollonir, increase 200.
Nice try but my move isn't finished yet.
Have you forgotten what the Forbidden Card does so soon?
It pushes Bakugan past their limits to the extreme.
Of course, they pay a price for infinite power.
[powering up roar]
No way!
Master Drago's Power Level has gone up even more!
Bonus.
And thanks to Deinococcus X ability, Drago's Power
Level will always be 200 more than his opponent's level!
Your move.
How is Dan supposed to beat that move?
Spectra's cornered him.
This battle's going downhill fast.
Just how many abilities does that Forbidden Card
have anyway?
That's too much for one Bakugan, Spectra.
You're overloading him!
Hah!
What's the point of having power if you're afraid to
use it?
That's why you'll never beat me!
Let's go, Drago!
Ability Card, Set!
Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon!
Drago power increase 200!
Oh no! Watch out, Dan!
He can't raise Apollonir's Power Level...
They're through!
Maybe not...
I've still got cards to play!
Ability Activate!
Neo Valute!
You forgot that ability Neo Valute brings the
opponent's power level down to Apollonir's base level!
That makes Deinococcus X kinda useless doesn't it?
[angry roar]
Top this, poser.
It will take Drago's Power Level down to zero!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Saiam Low!
Come Drago.
It is time to return to your friends!
[defiant roar]
Drago's Power Level is dropping!
Dan's found a way to beat them without hurting his
best friend!
Awesome move, Dan!
[frustrated/weakening roar]
Enough of this!
Ability... Activate!
Deinodurans X!
[powering up growl]
What is this?
Can't you tell?
Drago is stealing your Power Level and any chance
you had of defeating us!
Relax. It'll all be over in a minute.
Oh you've got that right!
Ability Activate!
Dispel Roa!
[frustrated growl]
We're back to square one!
I don't believe it!
Dispel Roa returns all Bakugan Power Levels to
their base level!
And that means Apollonir is gonna leave Drago in
the dust!
I'll shake some sense into you!
[effort]
[struggling]
Most impressive...
But futile.
You can't win Drago back unless your Power Levels...
are at least 500 more than his.
It's up to you, Apollonir.
Hmmph!
That's the best the dragonoid can do?
Spectra, let me finish the old one.
I will demolish him!
You want to battle?
Don't be so anxious, Helios...
Why don't you sit back and enjoy the carnage!
Gate Card, Set!
You'll never take Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
I know you're in there, Drago!
And I'm never going to give up until I win you back!
Bakugan Brawl!
Apollonir Stand!
[ready for battle growl]
So full of hope.
But how will you feel after you see what this
Forbidden Card does?
Ability Activate!
Vestroia X!
[powering up roar]
He's using another Forbidden Card!
Oh no!
Drago!
[in pain/struggling]
[fierce roar]
Can it be?
He's forced Drago to summon the power of the
Perfect Core!
[threatening growl]
But how?
With one of these, you old fool!
Fusion ability Activate!
Darkus X!
[evil/threatening roar]
[catching breath/recovering]
No! Drago used a Darkus Ability!
He's full of surprises now!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Fusion X!
[defiant/angry roar]
Impossible!
[extreme pain]
This time it's a Ventus ability!
But how can a Ventus ability do all that?
It's Spectra!
He's forcing Drago to access the Perfect Core
within his body so he can use the powers of all six
attributes!
All six?
Oh snap!
[cocky laugh]
... Now you get it!
Drago's perfect...
The other Bakugan we experimented on couldn't
handle so much power...
As long as I have Drago and the Forbidden Cards we
are unstoppable!
[threatening/powerful roar]
The Perfect Core does have unlimited powers.
If Drago were still the perfect dragonoid he'd be
able to access all six attributes with ease.
But he's not anymore.
We gave Drago a temporary body and split the Perfect
Core's powers between he and New Vestroia.
He should not be able to use all those abilities
right now.
How is this possible?
It's the Forbidden Card.
It forces him to absorb more and more power.
If Apollonir cannot stop it, Drago's body will burn
out and the Perfect Core may be lost forever.
Apollonir and Dan must not fail.
Or it's the end of New Vestoria.
Destroy them, Drago!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Subterra X!
[angry roar]
[extreme pain/being struck]
Apollonir!
Stop it...
You gotta stop it, Drago!
Fusion Ability, Activate!
Aquos X!
This is so intense!
Apollonir's getting slammed!
Then I'll put him out of his misery!
Fusion Ability, Activate!
Haos X!
[powering up roar]
[in pain/exhausted groan]
[weak but defiant roar]
[attack roar]
[extreme pain]
Drago...
[plaintive wail]
What the?
Drago's crying!
Drago?
You're tearing him apart!
Drago!
[weakening/plaintive wail]
The Power of the Forbidden Cards and the Perfect Core
are too great.
The combined energy is burning out Drago's new body.
He doesn't have much time.
[shocked gasp]
What?
The new body we gave him wasn't meant to contain so
much might.
I'm afraid Drago could...
Drago could die!
Oh no!
What? What can I do?
[plaintive wail]
Drago!
[plaintive/weakening wail]
Stick around.
This may be Drago's last stand!
[\u266a]
Could this be my final battle?
[pained roar]
Are you serious?
Drago... could die?
[pained roar]
He can't ...No way...
No. no. no...
Apollonir, we have to do something!
There may be a way.
But it's risky...
If I transmute myself back into pure energy, I may be
able to enter Drago's body and absorb the extra
power.
How do we make that happen?
We'd have to use Dragon Proudia, but...
But what?
Come on, man...
I'll do anything I have to to save Drago.
For one thing, once Dragon Proudia is activated and I
become pure energy, I will not be able to attack or
defend at all.
And then?
It will be up to you to throw me into Drago.
But you'll only get one shot.
You must hit the Perfect Core in his chest dead center.
There's no room for error...
Dan, do you understand?
You can count on me...
The only thing that matters is saving Drago.
No, listen to me, Dan.
This is not a game.
If you miss, you may make his condition worse.
You could end up taking Drago's life yourself!
[horrified gasp]
...But I can't risk that!
If we lose Drago, this world will be thrown into chaos.
The Perfect Core will not be able to hold the planet
together.
And the collapse of New Vestroia will be upon us
once again.
Well, Dan?
He's thinking...
Just look at them, Master Spectra...
They're so scared they don't know what to do.
Don't be a fool...
They're just weighing their options...
They don't want to harm their precious Drago ...
[fiendish laugh]
Drago will happily tear them apart.... Nothing
will be the same from here on!
Ability Activate...
Neo Legend X!
[\u266a]
[horrified gasp]
Snap! That's too much power for one Bakugan!
The energy of all six attributes in the Perfect
Core is pouring into him.
Neo Legend X combines all six attributes into one
invincible, bone-crushing ability...
So the question is, Dan Kuso, what are you going
to do now?
[fiendish laugh]
Keith, what has happened to you?
Why are you doing this? Why!
[cries of pain]
[mighty battle roar]
Spectra! How can you do this?
Can't you see?
All this power is destroying Drago.
[evil laugh]
If the dragonoid doesn't survive then it just means
that he wasn't worthy...
Then I'll just have to find another Bakugan who is!
Worthy?
You monster...
That's it!
[evil chuckle]
[mighty battle roar]
We've got to make our move, Apollonir.
Are you sure?
There's no turning back once we begin.
Drago is suffering.
Even if I have a one percent chance...
I've go to do it.
He's my battle partner and best friend.
End of story!
Drago! Help is on the way!
[mighty battle roar]
Very well then.
Let's do this...
Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set!
Dragon Proudia!
[mighty battle roar]
[\u266a]
What are they doing?
It's nothing I've ever seen.
... Like it or not, I'm taking back Drago!
[battle attack roar]
[gasp] Wha...?! Is that a fork?
[intensifying battle attack roar]
He's gone nuts!
No way!
[intensifying battle attack roar]
The fool...
What does he think he can do against my greatest weapon?
It's now or never!
[battle roar]
Listen up, Spectra!
Drago's not your slave!
Not now! Not ever!
What!
He and I have a bond that you can never break.
A bond that will last until the end!
Together Drago and I will save New Vestroia!
Yes, Dan...
You can do it!
Yeah!
Show 'em what you're made of!
Go, Dan!
Get psyched, Master Dan!
[intense breathing]
[battle roar]
Draaaaa-goooo!
Drago... What are you doing?
I order you to eliminate that fool immediately!
[battle attack roar]
[horrified gasp]
[leaping effort]
Drago!
[intense running breathing]
Almost. Almost.
[winding up breath]
Draaaaa-goooo!
[mighty throw effort]
What?
Oh no!
[gasp]
[intense pain]
Dan!
[groan]
Don't fight me, Drago.
[intense pain]
Power Level 27000 exchange complete.
[groaning]
It is done.
Yes, Apollonir came through.
And young Dan has hit his mark.
Finally he and Drago will be reunited.
Wow! He... did it.
Master Dan is my hero.
Most awesome brawl...
... Ever!
What are we going to do now that Drago is gone?
Never mind ... I got all the data I needed Gus.
The next time Dan Kuso and I meet, things will go
differently.
[gasp]
See you later, Battle Brawlers.
He doesn't look defeated.
Oh, Keith, what horrible plan are you going to come
up with next?
Drago?
Drago!
Drago, speak to me.
Are you alright, pal?
Yes, Dan, I'm alright...
thanks to you.
I'm sorry I let you down.
Aww...
No way you could let me down.
I'm the one who lost the battle and put you through
all that stuff with Spectra.
I'm really sorry Drago.
I'll never let that happen again.
If it's not my fault then it's not your fault either.
Agreed?
Yeah, agreed...
Partner...
[happy laughter]
Sure I got Drago back from that poser Spectra but now
I've got to go back to New Vestroia to help Marucho,
Shun and Ace.
But I'm not alone.
This time I'm taking the Battle Brawlers with me!
Nothing's gonna stop us from slamming those Vexos
down for good!
Except maybe a friend's betrayal!
Don't miss the next episode.
It's seriously intense!
Bakugan Brawl!
See you then, Brawlers!
What a ride!
[\u266a]